
This is the top level directory for the VNC X server.

Imake Configuration Files
-------------------------

The config directory contains the configuration stuff to do with imake and
building.  In that directory are all the ".cf" files, which are the
basically the same as in the standard X11R6 config except for a few changes
for building outside the normal X tree and building the VNC X server rather
than the standard X server for a platform.  The files relating to linux
(linux.cf, lnxLib.rules, lnxLib.tmpl, xf86.rules and xfree86.cf) are taken
from the Redhat 4.2 distribution.

These configuration files have only been set up for Solaris, Linux and
Digital Unix, so if you're porting it to another platform, you'll need to
add appropriate config files for that platform, and tweak them to get it to
build the VNC X server.  Basically what you'll need to do is stop the
normal X server for a platform being built and instead make sure the Xvnc
server is built by defining XvncServer to YES.

In this directory should be a script called vncxmkmf which should be used
in place of the normal xmkmf for turning the Imakefile at the top level
into a Makefile.  It takes an optional argument to tell it where this tree
is located - if not specified it uses the directory it's run from.  It also
automatically generates a site.def file in the config directory from
site.def.vncxmkmf, setting the ConfigDir variable as appropriate.


Sources
-------

The programs/Xserver directory contains the C sources to the X server and
the lib/font directory contains the C sources to the font library which the
X server needs (other libraries required are part of the standard X
installation).  The code specific to the VNC X server is in
programs/Xserver/hw/vnc.  Nearly all the rest of the code is from the
standard X11R6 distribution - see the file xserver-diffs for details of all
the changes made.

The "include" directory is an assembly of header files which the normal X
build plucks out of various places in the tree.  The X server code is a bit
of a mess in that it often includes header files as both <hdr.h> and
<X11/hdr.h>.  The imake configuration files should set up the include path
so that both forms work.


Building Xvnc
-------------

To build Xvnc, do:

	./vncxmkmf
	make Makefiles
	make depend
	make all

This should build the Xvnc binary, putting it in programs/Xserver.
